This is the removal of the number of lights in Rapid and
need to take some thin
screwdriver we have about such
paste on the right side first
deeper here he is starting slowly
take out
and down will come the parts right below she already
will not go then you need to stick in
opposite part
and then pull it out
actually here actually holds it here
this metal barb on this side
plastic mustache vata disconnect dad and
mom
insert the board and back first here
We first insert the right side completely
so then left
fate is inserted and the price
Fallujah as a screwdriver and not
we know that he actually remained urgov
who want this part
here is just absolutely in any any
any place you insert a screwdriver when down
one movement he just falls out he
keeps on such from metal
hooks here and here on the back
also removed the glass itself needed
bend back
push button just
it is necessary to bend here these antennae here
there are several around the perimeter
here and then the glass is removed inserted
fees and
put back in place is very simple
front cover here such as two
stripes there are two times here somewhere them
in their place here is a trick
screwdriver and down and over all he
only two of these came out
buska which is inserted here and here
all shipped fee in its place here
by the way
signed plus
it turns out at the big board plus here
here he is guilty he whips a little
Now switch on the guided
here in the inside here is the key and here
plus so here we put in principle
get into the puzzle here all the lights
glove compartment exactly the same as the trunk
inserted a thin screwdriver in deeper
so do not be shy and down all that's for sure
also remove this black plastic
box
like one slip put a fee and in your mouth
all in general something like this